Add a draft version of AOT tutorial (#73)
taichi-dev/taichi-aot-demo: tutorial.md

# Tutorial: Embedding Taichi in C++ application

> As Python becomes the de facto language for a wide variety of areas like scientific computation, image processing and deep learning, deploying alogirthms written in Python in production is now a common challenge for many industries. Taichi's Python frontend provides easy-to-write syntax which makes writing performant parallel code really simple. And Taichi also offers a runtime library (TiRT) and C interface so that kernels written in Python can be embedded into a real application. In this tutorial, we'll walkthrough the steps to deploy a Taichi program in an C++ application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taichi's Python frontend provides easy-to-write syntax which greatly simplifies the process of writing performant parallel computing code, but deploying these alogirthms written in Python into production can be yet another challenge. To bridge the gap between Python and industry, Taichi offers a runtime library (TiRT) with C interface so that kernels written in Python can be embedded into a real application. In this tutorial, we'll walkthrough the steps to deploy a Taichi program in an C++ application.
```

```
x = ti.ndarray(ti.f32, shape=(8192)) 
init(x)

N_ITER = 50
for _ in range(N_ITER):
    add_base(x, 0.1)
```

## 2. Save compiled artifacts on disk

A compile taichi kernel consists of all compiled artifacts when compiling a `ti.kernel` with the types of its parameters. Take kernel `add_base` as an example, argument `base`'s type is `ti.f32`. Its type information is used to compile the kernel and thus encoded in the compiled artifact, while it can be called with any floating point number at runtime.

```
mod = ti.aot.Module(ti.vulkan)
mod.add_kernel(init, template_args={'x': x})
mod.add_kernel(add_base, template_args={'x': x})
mod.save(target_dir, '')
```

`ti.types.ndarray` is a bit more complicated since it's a type templated on ndarray's `dtype` and `ndim`. If you call `add_base` twice in Python, one with an ti.ndarray of `dtype=ti.i32` and the other of `dtype=ti.math.vec2`, Taichi actually just-in-time compiles two kernels for you. As a result, Taichi won't be able to compile in AOT mode if ndarray's `dtype` or `ndim` is unknown, you'll have to supply that information either directly in the type annotation, or provide an example input via `template_args`.

> Let's take a look at the generated artifacts and its layout:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we're done with Kernel compilation, let's take a look at the generated artifacts and its layout:
```

│   ├── metadata.json
│   └── metadata.tcb
└── demo.py
```

## 3. Get Taichi Runtime Library (TiRT)

![TiRT](./assets/imgs/runtime.png)

Alright, you are now done with Python and well prepared to build your application! The compiled artifacts we just saved and TiRT are all you need.

For now TiRT is shipped along with `taichi-nightly` Python wheels. Be aware that there's no strong version compatibility enforced yet, so it's highly recommended to use the python taichi and TiRT built from exactly the same commit.

TODO: We'll figure out a proper way to release it once the versioning issue is improved.

```
# Install python taichi: 
pip install -i https://pypi.taichi.graphics/simple/ taichi-nightly
# Get the runtime library:
pip download --no-deps -i https://pypi.taichi.graphics/simple/ taichi-nightly
# For example
unzip taichi_nightly-1.3.0.post20221102-cp38-cp38-manylinux_2_27_x86_64.whl
export TAICHI_C_API_INSTALL_DIR=$PWD/taichi_nightly-1.3.0.post20221102.data/data/c_api/lib
```

Currently, only TiRT for Linux systems is included in the nightly distributions. If you need one for Android / Windows, please see the FAQ below to build it from source.

> Then add `TiRT` to your CMakeLists.txt:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrate `TiRT` to your CMakeLists.txt:
```

```
# Find built taichi C-API library in `TAICHI_C_API_INSTALL_DIR`.
find_library(taichi_c_api taichi_c_api HINTS ${TAICHI_C_API_INSTALL_DIR}/lib NO_CMAKE_FIND_ROOT_PATH)
if (NOT EXISTS ${taichi_c_api})
    message(FATAL_ERROR "Couldn't find C-API library in ${TAICHI_C_API_INSTALL_DIR}")
endif()

# Make sure your target is properly linked!
set(TAICHI_TUTORIAL_DEMO_NAME "0_tutorial_kernel")
message("-- Building ${TAICHI_TUTORIAL_DEMO_NAME}")
add_executable(${TAICHI_TUTORIAL_DEMO_NAME} ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/app.cpp)
target_include_directories(${TAICHI_TUTORIAL_DEMO_NAME} PUBLIC ${TAICHI_C_API_INSTALL_DIR}/include)
target_link_libraries(${TAICHI_TUTORIAL_DEMO_NAME} ${taichi_c_api})
```

## 4. Run taichi kernels in your application

> TiRT provides a C interface to maximize portability, as well as a light-weight C++ wrapper to save you from writing verbose C code. C++ wrapper is used in this tutorial for simplicity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiRT provides a fundamental C interface to help achieve optimal portability, however we also kindly provide a header-only C++ wrapper to save you from writing verbose C code. For simplicity purpose, we'll stick with the C++ wrapper in this tutorial.
```
